hello friends here michael mike is once
more reporting exclusively for
jobs this time
in the channel I have prepared a
surprise
they ask me in the microphone with my
microphone
I did not do it with what it cost me
to get it
for today
to where I
all right
microphone but I recovered it
my notebook jobs and so messi is not
the autograph
we start with also as I would like this
occasion that I went on this day is long
the truth that good freeze saw me in the
television and something I woke up cute and I
he wanted to know as well as doing shows for
so many people that you would like very
impressive after going out to
scenario and see
people screaming at college students and the
nerves all nervous is not the first
time in the great positive expression
I went down
without only seen
and going around all the great prayer and
I was very emotional after that I went down and you're a
glorious feeling the end but with
the strongest thing
they do not stretch
on
because the production
I am the happiest
for jobs
you ask me for an ambulance ambulance
ambulance
if I did not
do not
yes